Scenario 1
Alice gets out with friends but when she wants to come back home there are no buses,
so she decides to take a PowerEnjoy. She opens the application (she's already logged in)
and on the map she checks for the closest available car. She finds some and she decides
to reserve one, that's 10 min from her by feet. When she arrives at the car, she
presses the button to pickit up and after a few seconds the car opens. She starts
driving. When she arrives home, she parks in the first available parking space and
presses the button to notify she's leaving the car. She closes the door and she waits
till the car locks.

Scenario 2
Rob has to go to a restaurant not easily reachable by public tranport.
Then he decides to take a PowerEnjoy. He opens the app and he notifies that the closest
available car is 10minutes from him by metro. He decides to take it anyway.
Unlikely there are some traffic problems with the underground, then he decides to take 
a bus to get to the car. At that time there is too much road congestion in his
town, and the bus is late. The battery of his mobile phone is low and when he gets
off the bus his phone turns off. Now Rob will not be able neighter to pick up the car
nor to unrent the car, then he will pay 1€ fee.

Scenario 3
Alex is at the restaurant with his girlfriend, and they're are eating the dessert. He know
he will be out of the restaurant in half an hour, then he decides to have a look at the PowerEnjoy
application on his phone. He notices that there is an available car just in front of the restaurant,
then he immediately reserves it before someone else do it. When they pay the amount, Alex's girlfriend
propose him to have a walk around there. Then Alex opens again the app and decide to cancel the reservation.

Scenario 4
Klarissa is a student and she like to save money. By night, even if busses are cheaper, she prefers
to move by car because she thinks it will be safer. Like every weekend, she's out with her friends, and now
it's time to get back home. Her friends don't live far from her, and since they are only in 4,
she offer them to bring them all home too, this way she knows she will have the 10% off. 
She find a car close to them and she reserve it. The car has the 40% of energy, then she will not
receive this kind of discount but anyway it's enought to bring everyone home. When she get into the car, she activate
the save mode, and then she enter his address. The system shows the possible special parking areas close 
to her destination and she chose one that is just 300mt from home. The computer board inform her that it has
reserved the charging columns 4 at the selected energy station. She drives her friends their own home and then she
go to the selected power station and she plug the car. When she close the car [???] she get notified on her phone
that she archieved a total discount of 40%, then she only spent 2€! Not bad!
//but when she get out to plug the car close? //the save mode could be activated on the phone?
//for the point e we keep the same discount of plugging the car or more?